hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I decided to do my skincare
routine this we part one because this is
going to be my night time skincare
routine and then part two will be next
week or in a couple weeks
and that would be my daytime skincare
routine just because this squishy
everything is very vigorous and I spend
a lot of time on it probably too much
time but yeah so let's get right into
this make sure you subscribe make sure
you follow me on my social media Jhelum
on Instagram and Twitter and my
latitudinal on snapchat and let's get
right into this so since I last came to
everything which was back in March or
April I've been diving into like more
natural skincare because I'm trying to
have my skincare on like in quaint so
whenever your oily skin and your skin
gets right out you start producing
excess oil and it just makes you too
oily so that's not that's not a good
thing like no you don't want to
completely dry your skin you want to
make sure you hydrate it as well so the
more natural skin care that I switch to
I started getting the african black soap
opera cleanser and this is really really
good I really like it 100% natural I
ordered this one off of ebay because I
also did get a Barbara nothing and I
didn't like using that so much I just
felt like nasty and gross you having my
hand on the bar and all that you know so
I tried to like liquefy it myself and it
did not turn out good it just like some
little fied even more and it just didn't
work out well so I just decided to find
this one off of ebay and I believe I
bought this for about $8 and it was free
shipping and so I definitely think that
was a really really good deal and I know
they also this brand all stuff like a
buy two get one free or buy three get
one free something like that so I know
next time when I order it I will get
more than one because I did kind of run
out as quickly on because it did like
its liquid it's very liquidy and it's
felt a lot so when I use this I first
wet my face and then I pour just like I
would say a teaspoon of this into my
hand and then I scrub my face with it
just with my hands or sometimes I will
use this
I don't know it's like really really
good or not I don't know how to feel
about it I know silicone doesn't hold
bacteria that's kind of why I got it and
it's a look probably a little bit better
than your hand but it's kind of a hassle
to you so I just scrubbed my face with
this and I just rub it for a good like
two minutes just to make sure I clean
everything in my face get rid of any
bacteria sweat all the excess stuff and
then I just rinse my face off and Pat it
dry and it's really good I just feel
like with this it really cleans my skin
out very well and yet it doesn't strip
it 100% which I like I definitely would
recommend this if you have more muscle
oily skin and but if you try skin what I
would do is get a african black soap
that also has shea butter in it and I
will make sure that your skin stays
hydrated yet so it cleans it I try
something different other than my usual
it's just a different version of the
usual one I would normally get and it is
the Mario Badescu facial spray with
cucumber and green tea I really like
this one I kind of like it better than
the ones about the rose water I think
you have a rose water that I like that
just went a lot better than it I think
the rose water is good if you have dry
skin feels really hydrating this I would
say is really good for problematic skin
because it's very soothing and it feels
good so what I normally do is I just
spray it on my face all over and
sometimes I rub it in sometimes I don't
I don't think I did this time and it is
just really like soothing and calming as
a toner you can also use this as a
setting spray I know people do that but
I don't personally do that because I
don't go at settings phrase a lot so I
just sprayed this on my face and I let
it dry down until it's almost completely
dry then it's time to go in with a mask
and this is my favorite part of the
night a good mask to just relax and
unwind watch some game of Thrones watch
some Netflix like it's perfect put a
candle on put my string lights on and
it's a mood it's a vibe so some of my
favorite mess
are the extreme end feeling beautiful
mask they've claimed a Scalia cleansing
mask Lee has peel off masks I really
loved this whole brand in general with
their masks and one of the ones that I
liked a lot
it was the sparkling pear pore cleansing
mask and it is just a whipped clay sort
of mask and it's really a poorly
composed in I've almost used all of this
I'm trying to finish it before I go to
college because I don't wanna have to
take it like almost empty bottle you
know so I've been really using this it
really cleans out my skin when I start
getting a pimple or have multiple little
breakouts I'll use this and it will
always calm it down immediately after
all so another one of their masks that I
really love is the renewing to come
where peel-off gel mask I really like
this one I make sure I really layer it
and get a nice thick peel off and I just
let it sit for a probably like an hour I
leave my mask on a very long time just
to make sure they're really coated and
working out my skin so I can get quite
those blemishes but this one
it's also different oily that can't
speak this one is also good for normal
to combust skin and I really just these
masks also they last a very long time
I've had these two saints probably about
March I've had them for a very very long
time I think I put these in a hall also
so you can verify I had these for months
and I'm just now about to get close to
finishing it this one has like a good 5
uses still this will probably has like
three or two or three left in it also
other masks that I love are sheet masks
these are my favorite masks just think
like and like I just sit down lay back
with my face up and I watching Netflix
Game of Thrones Khaleesi yeah
I love a little bit I was watching it so
I really like sheet math they're always
a nice thing and then the theorem is
just really good for your face I'd make
sure I get like Korean and Asian beauty
skin mat care
I can speak ed Korean beauty like sheet
mask because I really really good for
your face Korean beauty has some of the
best products in the world for your face
and they're inexpensive as well I do get
I get just a Misha pure source raspberry
mask yeah that's right and the Misha
masks are my favorite these are like the
only ones I get especially because I
have my dollar store not my daughter
especially because at my a beauty supply
store they are $1.00 yes I go in there
and I buy about 10 at a time I put them
in the fridge just because I like them
being like very cool and like tight
feeling I love that I love it that's the
type of mess that I decided to use that
night and what I'm using is the Misha
hunt pure source honey mask it's really
like hydrating and clarifying I loved it
I just my favorite mask you know I just
used my last one the other night so
that's why I don't have as a show but
those are my favorite I had about four
of them another mess I love is the
formula 1006 mask it is a be very awake
energizing peel mask in young berry and
pomegranate I really like this I didn't
want to buy this myself because I would
didn't want to test it out because it
was it's like $7 and I'm not about that
I'm going to spend those which are only
four bucks like get with it these are
four bucks and this is $7 like no
and this has double this has almost
double the amount of product this has so
I definitely would go with these over
this but I really really like this it is
a very like it's a peel-off mask and I
really feel like it just gets out all
the dead skin off of my face and I have
like a new fresh baby skin baby soft
layer and it's just I feel like I've
used a lot I use this like every day
when I first got it and I really really
like it though that's why I use everyday
but yeah I really like this mask and I
kind of want to try their other ones I
know they have a hydrating and they have
a really deep pore cleansing one and I
have this energizing one they also have
a bunch of other skincare so I
definitely want to try more of their
stuff also what I just bought that I
haven't tried of the freeman's feeling
beautiful mask base I got this deep
clearing manuka honey and tea tree oil
clay mask and cleanser and i haven't
tried it yet it's a dual action mask
it's as a instantly clean deep cleans
pores and absorbs oil without
over-drying this just really break out
skin so I definitely want to try this I
haven't even opened it yet and
definitely try it soon I'll update you
probably in like a favorites video or
something like that and this was good or
not it was worth it another massa I
really love this is my hydrating mask
that I use sometimes I'll use the app
you're a really deep cleansing mask or
I'll just use this to hydrate in the
morning before I have like some sort of
thing to go to like a birthday party or
I'm going out with my friends and I want
to look bomb and it is the Alana's
multi-barrier girl repairing mask you
know I've been using this from what this
used to be and I pretty sure this one
isn't my old skincare routine I got this
back in like January February because
target was having like they were
clearing out the brand this is really
hydrating I would say anybody any skin
type can use this and I would be wary if
you're sensitive because I do get this
like I do feel like you could feel this
like you could feel the set and it it
almost have like a floral e berry scent
and you
feel it really really working but you
might be sensitive to it really really
some skin but yeah this lasted me a
really really long time this retails for
about 26 27 dollars and I can only
really find amazon now or also I think
maybe um Sephora has it because they I
know they did start carrying a lot as a
couple of months ago so I really really
like this I definitely need to reorder
cuz usually how much I have left like
barely anything left but yeah this is my
favorite mask like I thought I honestly
if I'm going to choose any mess out of
everything I would probably get just the
peel off or this just has a deal if I
had to like choose to it would be the
peel out one of the peel off and this
longish one because it's nice and
hydrating and soothing and smoothing
soothing and smoothing that's a rhyme
but yeah this mask is were really really
good so whenever I have a sheet mask on
I put it on and I just like oh like
nicely like lay it on my face and all
that and then I leave it on for a good
hour just to make sure all the serum
gets into my face sometimes I even take
the package it was in and like like
rehydrate the mask so I can leave it on
for extra time and get make sure I get
every drop so whenever I get
back after this has like completely sunk
into my face and I got all the moisture
out of it I took it off and then I want
wash my face just to get any like excess
off then it's time to get into my
moisturizing routine and I've been
really wanting to try like all the oils
and stuff that everybody uses all the
time and I thought hmmm well I just
tried this like really inexpensive
version which is which a lot of oils
have this in it which is vitamin E oil
and it's good for your hair it's a hair
skin and it's a hair and skin oil that
dim is damage-control promotes healthy
hair and younger looking hair along with
younger looking skin and the prevents
dryness and all that sort of stuff so
like hmm let me try this is only 3 bucks
from Target I definitely say this works
but I still want to try like more of the
like
more like a really nice Ridge boils I
know what's it called
I know the ordinary has a lot of really
inexpensive oils that are about seven to
ten dollars of different serums and
stuff that I really really want to try
but having gone around some ordering it
yet but this is a really good
alternative that's inexpensive you can
get this at Target or your beauty supply
store and I really like it you just need
to spoil everywhere on it I didn't you
get one before I go to college and what
I do is this I just take about two or
three drops of this onto my fingertips
not too much you really gotta use this
sparingly whatever you do it you take a
few drops and then you just like Pat it
into your skin just float it like
absorbs quickly and just like Pat into
your skin in a nice like motion you know
like a commercial almost that's
unrealistic but you know what I mean I
definitely think this has been a key
ingredient to like cleaning out my skin
and making sure it's very protected I've
been using aloe vera gel I'd like this a
lot I got these at Target my husband
onto a far target to get these but this
is like I think two or three dollars so
for this bottle and I've already
completely finished this one I started
getting this back in like May June to
start like try and grow out my eyebrows
but then I found out oh this is really
good on your skin so I use this to like
try and heal my acne marks and it also
keeps your face hydrated keeps
everything locked and I use that
secondly after using my beauty oil and I
just like put that on my face just like
it's any other moisturizer now it's time
to put my final moisturizer on and the
one I've been using isn't like a
all-natural healthy kind of thing but I
definitely think it gets the job done
for the price so it is the Garnier skin
active moisture rescue a refreshing gel
cream and it's good for normal to both
skin is a really good like a gel cream
for anybody who wasn't
an expensive moisturizer I try diving
into like a very natural one I tried
using shea butter and it just did not
turn out well my face was so Whaley in
the morning it was so bad with this
skincare routine my face is just like
nice and like moisturized and glowing
but I doesn't like have any like product
to the touch my face just feels nice and
perfect I can't even explain it just
nice and plump and perfect perfect
it just looks perfect in the morning
with the skincare also so before
cleansing once or twice a week
I like slowly so the exfoliator that I
use if a like DIY exfoliator it's really
natural really inexpensive to do so what
I get is I take sugar like a regular
granulated sugar that granny granulated
sugar so really your basic white sugar
that's like final essence the grains not
the powdered but the grain laughing of
explanation for it and I take that and
I'll put that put it in some container
and then I'll take a little bit of lemon
just a little bit of lemon juice and
that's really good also for your face to
brighten it remove some scarring and
then I take olive oil my vitamin E oil
and coconut oil and I will put those in
there just a good amount just to make
make it like just enough to make it so
that I can pick it up and it's not
running out of my hands but you know
what I mean it's almost like the feel of
like wet sand in your hands and then
I'll also take a little bit of honey
just to add to that moisturizing factor
and I take those and I just like
naturally take a little scoop of a I
would say a tablespoon sized scoop and I
use that and scrub my face with it and
then make sure to remove any excess dead
skin and they're on the container I have
it in is just like this also this one
has a little bit cinnamon and it just
gets good for your skin and it's a
little bit different I always do
different stuff when I do make these I
put peppermint oil like you can do
essential oils and and that's really
good also
for your skin depending on your
sensitivity and all that thank you so
much for watching and joining with me to
share my skin care routine part one this
is my night time skincare routine I do
it literally every night and then I
rotate masks to use depending on how my
face is feeling or looking and so yeah
part two will be my daytime skin routine
and that'll be it very soon thank you so
much for watching this make sure you
subscribe if you want to see more from
me make sure you follow me on my social
media trailer monta on instagram and
twitter and snapchat is my last as Jalen
why has it snapchat like up like
upgraded and let lets be able to change
our usernames because I'm tired of my
life ends Jalen but I guess it works
because I post my life on snapchat
everyday life I post like every day yeah
it's everything thank you so much for
watching this video and have a good day
[Music]